1.Terms of use of the site

1.1. This user agreement (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement) is an offer of conditions for using the Deliver X website (hereinafter referred to as the Site), represented by the Site Administration and an individual (including representatives of legal entities) (hereinafter referred to as the User), and regulating conditions for the User to provide information for posting on the Site. 
1.2. A user of the Site is considered to be any individual who has ever accessed the Site and has reached the age permitted to accept this Agreement. 
1.3. The User is obliged to fully familiarize himself with this Agreement before registering on the Site. Registration of the User on the Site means the User's full and unconditional acceptance of this Agreement. In case of disagreement with the terms of the Agreement, the use of the Site by the User must be immediately terminated. 
1.4. This Agreement may be changed and/or supplemented by the Site Administration unilaterally without any special notice. These Rules are an open and publicly available document. 
1.5. The Agreement provides for the mutual rights and obligations of the User and the Site Administration.   

2. Procedure for using the Site   

2.1. The Site allows the User to view and download information from the Site solely for personal, non-commercial use. It is prohibited to modify site materials or distribute them for public or commercial purposes. 
2.2. When registering on the site and placing orders, the User agrees to provide reliable and accurate information about himself and his contact information. 
2.3. During the registration process on the site, the User receives a login and password for security, which he bears personal responsibility for. 
2.4. The user can contact the site Administration with questions, complaints, suggestions for improvement, or any other information. At the same time, the User is responsible that this message is not illegal, threatening, violates copyrights, discriminates against people on any grounds, and also contains insults or otherwise violates the current legislation of the Republic of Belarus.   

3. User's personal information   

3.1. The site administration treats the confidential information of any person who has become a visitor to this site with respect and responsibility. By accepting this Agreement, the User agrees to the collection, processing and use of certain information about the User in accordance with the provisions of Federal Law-152 “On the Protection of Personal Data”. In addition, the user agrees that the Site Administration can collect, use, transfer, process and maintain information associated with the User’s account in order to provide relevant services. 
3.2. The site administration undertakes to collect only that personal information that the Consumer provides voluntarily in the event that the information is needed to provide (improve) services to the Consumer. 
3.3. The site administration collects both basic personal data, such as first name, last name, patronymic, address and email address, and secondary (technical) data - cookies, connection information and system information. 
3.4. The User agrees that the confidentiality of data transmitted via the Internet is not guaranteed if access to this data is obtained by third parties outside the area of technical means of communication under the control of the Site Administration. The Site Administration is not responsible for damage caused by such access. 
3.5. The site administration may use any information collected through the Site in order to improve the content of the website, refine it, transfer information to the User (upon request), for marketing or research purposes, as well as for other purposes that do not contradict the provisions of the current legislation of the Republic of Belarus.   

4. The following are prohibited on the Site:   

4.1. Calls for a violent change or overthrow of the constitutional order or for the seizure of state power; calls for pogroms, arson, destruction of property, seizure of buildings or structures, and forced eviction of citizens; calls for aggression or the outbreak of a military conflict. 
4.2. Direct and indirect insults to anyone, in particular politicians, officials, journalists, resource users, including on the basis of national, ethnic, racial or religious affiliation, as well as chauvinistic statements. 
4.3. Obscene statements, statements of a pornographic, erotic or sexual nature. 
4.4. Any offensive behavior towards the authors of articles and all participants of the resource. 
4.5. Statements whose purpose is to deliberately provoke a sharp reaction from other participants in the resource. 
4.6. Advertising, commercial messages, as well as messages that do not have an informational load and do not relate to the subject of the resource, unless special permission is received for such advertising or message from administration

4.7. Any messages and other actions that are prohibited by the legislation of the Republic of Belarus. 
4.8. Impersonating another person or representative of an organization and/or community without sufficient rights, including employees and owners of the Site, as well as misrepresentation regarding the properties and characteristics of any subjects or objects. 
4.9. Posting materials that the User does not have the right to make available by law or under any contractual relationship, as well as materials that violate the rights to any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights and/or copyright and related rights third party rights with it. 
4.10. Placement of advertising information, spam, pyramid schemes, chain letters that are not specifically permitted; materials containing computer codes intended to disrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer or telecommunications equipment or programs for unauthorized access, as well as serial numbers for commercial software products, logins, passwords and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to paid resources in Internet. 
4.11. Intentional or accidental violation of any applicable local, state or international regulations.   

5. Limitation of liability of the Site Administration  

5.1. The site administration does not bear any responsibility for any errors, typos or inaccuracies that may be found in the materials contained on this Site. The site administration makes every effort to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the information presented on the Site. 
5.2. The information on the Site is constantly updated and may become out of date at any time. The site administration is not responsible for receiving outdated information from the Site, as well as for the User’s inability to receive updates to the information stored on the Site. 
5.3. The site administration does not bear any responsibility for the statements and opinions of site visitors left as comments or reviews. Opinion The site administration may not coincide with the opinion and position of the authors of reviews and comments. At the same time, the site Administration takes all possible measures to prevent the publication of messages that violate current legislation or moral standards. 
5.4. The site administration is not responsible for possible illegal actions of the User regarding third parties, or third parties regarding the User. 
5.5. The site administration is not responsible for the User's statements made or published on the Site. 
5.6. The site administration is not responsible for damage, losses or expenses (real or possible) arising in connection with this Site, its use or inability to use. 
5.7. The site administration is not responsible for the User’s loss of access to his or her account on the Site. 
5.8. The site administration is not responsible for incomplete, inaccurate, or incorrect indication by the User of his data when creating a User account. 
5.9. If problems arise in using the Site, disagreement with specific sections of the User Agreement, or the User receives false information from third parties, or information of an offensive nature, or any other unacceptable information, please contact the Site Administration so that the Site Administration can analyze and eliminate the relevant defects, limit and prevent the entry of unwanted information to the Site, and also, if necessary, limit or terminate obligations to provide their services to any User and client who deliberately violates the provisions of the Agreement and the functioning of the Site. 
5.10. For the purposes of the above, the Site Administration reserves the right to delete information posted on the Site and take technical and legal measures to terminate access to the Site for Users who, according to the conclusion of the Site Administration, create problems in the use of the Site by other Users, or Users who violate the requirements of the Agreement.   

6. Procedure for the Agreement  

6.1. This Agreement is a contract. The site administration reserves the right to both change this Agreement and introduce a new one. Such changes come into force from the moment they are posted on the Site. The User's use of site materials after changing the Agreement automatically means their acceptance. 
6.2. This Agreement comes into force upon the User’s first visit to the Site and is valid between the User and the Company throughout the entire period of the User’s use of the Site. 
6.3. The site is the subject of intellectual property rights of the Site Administration. All exclusive property copyrights to the site belong to the Site Administration. Using the site Users may do so strictly within the framework of the Agreement and the legislation of the Republic of Belarus on intellectual property rights. 
6.4. All trademarks and names referenced in the materials on this Site are the property of their respective owners. 6.5. The User agrees not to reproduce, repeat, copy any parts of the Site, unless such permission is given to the User by the Site Administration. 6.6. This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Belarus. Issues not regulated by the Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Belarus. Protection of personal data Dear User, by registering on our website or using various services of our website that require entering your personal data, you consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with Federal Law-152 “On the Protection of Personal Data”, as well as agreed and approved Rules. The site administration reserves the right to use this information for marketing purposes as part of the provision of services. The user, registering on the Deliver X website (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”), including by creating his account and/or registering as a user of any services of the Site, in the event of carrying out the corresponding actions under his own and real (and not fictitious) name , gives his consent to the owner of the Site to process the User’s personal data (full name, gender, age, place of residence, date and place of birth, contact information if such information is provided and provided that such information is true and valid). The user gives consent to the owner of the Site to carry out actions in the information (automated) system and/or in personal data files that are related to the collection, registration, accumulation, storage, adaptation, modification, updating, use and distribution (sale, transfer), depersonalization, destruction of relevant personal data and records about the User - an individual. The User also gives the owner of the Site the right to determine, at his own discretion, the procedure for using the User’s personal data (including the procedure for the use of personal data by employees of the Site owner in accordance with their professional or official or labor responsibilities), the procedure for protection, distribution, the procedure for accessing databases and the procedure for transferring the right to process personal data to other subjects of relations related to personal data. The user grants these rights to the owner of the Site in order for the latter to comply with the requirements of the current legislation on the protection of personal data
